.if n .ds Q \&"
.if t .ds Q ``
.if n .ds U \&"
.if t .ds U ''
.TH "dldialog" 1 
.tr \&
.nr bi 0
.nr ll 0
.nr el 0
.de DS
..
.de DE
..
.de Pp
.ie \\n(ll>0 \{\
.ie \\n(bi=1 \{\
.nr bi 0
.if \\n(t\\n(ll=0 \{.IP \\(bu\}
.if \\n(t\\n(ll=1 \{.IP \\n+(e\\n(el.\}
.\}
.el .sp 
.\}
.el \{\
.ie \\nh=1 \{\
.LP
.nr h 0
.\}
.el .PP 
.\}
..
.SH NAME

.Pp
dldialog - display dialog boxes in text and graphics mode to interact with scripts
.SH SYNOPSIS

.Pp
\fBdldialog\fP [ -b \(br -q ] 
[ -g \(br -q \(br -t \(br -p ] 
[ -dvh ] 
[ -f \fIinfile\fP ] 
[ -- EXTRAOPTIONS ] 
.SH DESCRIPTION

.Pp
This documentation is no longer being maintained and may be inaccurate 
or incomplete.  The Texinfo documentation is now the authoritative source.
.Pp
This manual page documents the calling syntax of \fB DLDialog\fP\&.
.Pp
\fBDLDialog\fP parses standard input or the 
\fIinfile\fP and interprets it as described in the Texinfo documentation.
.SH OPTIONS

.Pp
.nr ll +1
.nr t\n(ll 2
.if \n(ll>1 .RS
.IP "\fI-b, --start\fP"
.nr bi 1
.Pp
Start the dldialog server.
.IP "\fI-e, --stop\fP"
.nr bi 1
.Pp
Stop the dldialog server.
.IP "\fI-d, --debug\fP"
.nr bi 1
.Pp
Display debugging output.
.IP "\fI-f, --file infile\fP"
.nr bi 1
.Pp
Read input from \fIinfile\fP, rather than from stdin.
.IP "\fI-g, --generic\fP"
.nr bi 1
.Pp
Load a generic interface library specified by the 
\fIDLD_PRELOAD\fP environment variable.
.IP "\fI-h, --help\fP"
.nr bi 1
.Pp
Display small help and exit.
.IP "\fI-p, --parse\fP"
.nr bi 1
.Pp
Parse only to check input.
.IP "\fI-q, --qt\fP"
.nr bi 1
.Pp
Use Qt (X11) interface.
.IP "\fI-t, --tv\fP"
.nr bi 1
.Pp
Use tvision (terminal) interface (default).
.IP "\fI-v, --version\fP"
.nr bi 1
.Pp
Display version information and exit.
.IP "\fIEXTRAOPTIONS\fP"
.nr bi 1
.Pp
All options after -- are passed to the used module. It´s useful to pass e.g. a -geometry argument 
to the qt modul.
.if \n(ll>1 .RE
.nr ll -1
.SH ENVIRONMENT

.Pp
.nr ll +1
.nr t\n(ll 2
.if \n(ll>1 .RS
.IP "\fIDLD_PRELOAD\fP"
.nr bi 1
.Pp
Use this to preload a specific interface, rather than the default ones.
.if \n(ll>1 .RE
.nr ll -1
.SH BUGS

.Pp
Report them to parzelle.de>.
.SH AUTHORS

.Pp
.DS
.sp 
.ft RR
.nf
Main author(s):
===============

Harald Hoyer    E-Mail:
                        DLDialog@parzelle.de
                        Harald.Hoyer@redhat.de

                HTTP:
                        http://parzelle.de

Perl modules: 
=============

Thomas Hagedorn 
 
.DE
.fi 
.ec
.ft P
.sp
